Get the contracts docs up-to-date (#33)
trustlines-protocol/tl-dev-docs: contracts/introduction.md

---
title: Introduction
---

> The smart contracts are a component of the [Trustlines Protocol](https://trustlines.foundation/protocol.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The smart contracts are components of the [Trustlines Protocol](https://trustlines.foundation/protocol.html).
```

They are currently deployed on the Trustlines Blockchain. 

> Transfers within the Trustlines Network are executed by the smart contracts. All trustlines (i.e. credit lines and balances between users) are notarized on the Trustlines Blockchain. Furthermore, the smart contracts enforce the rules determining how trustlines can be created, used and updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transfers within currency networks are executed by the smart contracts. All trustlines (i.e. credit lines and balances between users) are notarized on the blockchain. Furthermore, the smart contracts enforce the rules determining how trustlines can be created, used and updated.
```
